Below is the insurance section from a LeaseType.RETAIL lease.
Extract all relevant information and return as JSON. Be thorough but precise.

LEASE TEXT:
Section 1.  Insurance Proceeds.  In the event of any damage to or 
destruction of the Leased Premises, Tenant shall adjust the loss and settle 
all claims with the insurance companies issuing such policies. The parties 
hereto do irrevocably assign the proceeds from such insurance policies for 
the purposes hereinafter stated to any institutional first mortgagee or to 
Landlord and Tenant jointly, if no institutional first mortgagee then holds 
an interest in the Leased Premises. All proceeds of said insurance shall be 
paid into a trust fund under the control of any institutional first 
mortgagee, or of Landlord and Tenant if no institutional first mortgagee 
then holds an interest in the Leased Premises, for repair, restoration, 
rebuilding or replacement, or any combination thereof, of the Leased 
Premises or of the improvements in the Leased Premises. In case of such 
damage or destruction, Landlord shall be entitled to make withdrawals from 
such trust fund, from time to time, upon presentation of:  
 
a.  bills for labor and materials expended in repair, restoration, 
rebuilding or replacement, or any combination thereof;  
 
b.  Landlord's sworn statement that such labor and materials for which 
payment is being made have been furnished or delivered on site; and  
 
c.  the certificate of a supervising architect (selected by Landlord and 
Tenant and approved by an institutional first mortgagee, if any, whose fees 
 
9 
will be paid out of said insurance proceeds) certifying that the work being 
paid for has been completed in accordance with the Plans and Specifications 
previously approved by Landlord , Tenant and any institutional first 
mortgagee in a first class, good and workmanlike manner and in accordance 
with all pertinent governmental requirements.  
 
Any insurance proceeds in excess of such proceeds as shall be necessary for 
such repair, restoration, rebuilding, replacement or any combination 
thereof shall be the sole property of Landlord subject to any rights 
therein of Landlord's mortgagee, and if the proceeds necessary for such 
repair, restoration, rebuilding or replacement, or any combination thereof 
shall be inadequate to pay the cost thereof, Tenant shall suffer the 
deficiency. 
 
Section 2.  Subrogation.  Landlord and Tenant hereby release each other, to 
the extent of the insurance coverage provided hereunder, from any and all 
liability or responsibility (to the other or anyone claiming through or 
under the other by way of subrogation or otherwise) for any loss to or 
damage of property covered by the fire and extended coverage insurance 
policies insuring the Leased Premises and any of Tenant's property, even if 
such loss or damage shall have been caused by the fault or negligence of 
the other party.  
 
Section 3.  Contribution. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for all insurance 
premiums connected with or applicable to the Leased Premises for whatever 
insurance policy the Landlord , at its sole and exclusive option, should 
select. 
 
 
ARTICLE XIV - DAMAGE TO DEMISED PREMISES 
 
Section 1.  Abatement or Adjustment of Rent.  If the whole or any part of 
the Leased Premises shall be damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty 
after the execution of this Lease and before the termination hereof, then 
in every case the rent reserved in Article IV herein and other charges, if 
any, shall be abated or adjusted, as the case may be, in proportion to that 
portion of the Leased Premises of which Tenant shall be deprived on account 
of such damage or destruction and the work of repair, restoration, 
rebuilding, or replacement or any combination thereof, of the improvements 
so damaged or destroyed, shall in no way be construed by any person to 
effect any reduction of sums or proceeds payable under any rent insurance 
policy.  
 
Section 2.  Repairs and Restoration.  Landlord agrees that in the event of 
the damage or destruction of the Leased Premises, Landlord forthwith shall 
proceed to repair, restore, replace or rebuild the Leased Premises 
 
10 
(excluding Tenant's leasehold improvements), to substantially the condition 
in which the same were immediately prior to such damage or destruction. The 
Landlord thereafter shall diligently prosecute said work to completion 
without delay or interruption except for events beyond the reasonable 
control of Landlord . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Landlord does not 
either obtain a building permit within ninety (90) days of the date of such 
damage or destruction, or complete such repairs, rebuilding or restoration 
and comply with conditions (a), (b) and (c) in Section 1 of Article XIII 
within nine (9) months of such damage or destruction, then Tenant may at 
any time thereafter cancel and terminate this Lease by sending ninety (90) 
days written notice thereof to Landlord , or, in the alternative, Tenant 
may, during said ninety (90) day period, apply for the same and Landlord 
shall cooperate with Tenant in Tenant's application. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if such damage or destruction shall occur during the last year 
of the term of this Lease, or during any renewal term, and shall amount to 
twenty-five (25%) percent or more of the replacement cost, (exclusive of 
the land and foundations), this Lease, except as hereinafter provided in 
Section 3 of Article XV, may be terminated at the election of either 
Landlord or Tenant, provided that notice of such election shall be sent by 
the party so electing to the other within thirty (30) days after the 
occurrence of such damage or destruction. Upon termination, as aforesaid, 
by either party hereto, this Lease and the term thereof shall cease and 
come to an end, any unearned rent or other charges paid in advance by 
Tenant shall be refunded to Tenant, and the parties shall be released 
hereunder, each to the other, from all liability and obligations hereunder 
thereafter arising.  
 
 
ARTICLE XV - CONDEMNATION  
 
Section 1.  Total Taking.  If, after the execution of this Lease and prior 
to the expiration of the term hereof, the whole of the Leased Premises 
shall be taken under power of eminent domain by any public or private 
authority, or conveyed by Landlord to said authority in lieu of such 
taking, then this Lease and the term hereof shall cease and terminate as of 
the date when possession of the Leased Premises shall be taken by the 
taking authority and any unearned rent or other charges, if any, paid in 
advance, shall be refunded to Tenant. 
 
Section 2.  Partial Taking.  If, after the execution of this Lease and 
prior to the expiration of the term hereof, any public or private authority 
shall, under the power of eminent domain, take, or Landlord shall convey to 
said authority in lieu of such taking, property which results in a 
reduction by fifteen (15%) percent or more of the area in the Leased 
Premises, or of a portion of the Leased Premises that substantially 
interrupts or substantially obstructs the conducting of business on the 
 
11 
Leased Premises; then Tenant may, at its election, terminate this Lease by 
giving Landlord notice of the exercise of Tenant's election within thirty 
(30) days after Tenant shall receive notice of such taking. In the event of 
termination by Tenant under the provisions of Section 1 of this Article XV, 
this Lease and the term hereof shall cease and terminate as of the date 
when possession shall be taken by the appropriate authority of that portion 
of the Entire Property that results in one of the above takings, and any 
unearned rent or other charges, if any, paid in advance by Tenant shall be 
refunded to Tenant. 
 
Section 3.  Restoration.  In the event of a taking in respect of which 
Tenant shall not have the right to elect to terminate this Lease or, having 
such right, shall not elect to terminate this Lease, this Lease and the 
term thereof shall continue in full force and effect and Landlord , at 
Landlord's sole cost and expense, forthwith shall restore the remaining 
portions of the Leased Premises, including any and all improvements made 
theretofore to an architectural whole in substantially the same condition 
that the same were in prior to such taking. A just proportion of the rent 
reserved herein and any other charges payable by Tenant hereunder, 
according to the nature and extent of the injury to the Leased Premises and 
to Tenant's business, shall be suspended or abated until the completion of 
such restoration and thereafter the rent and any other charges shall be 
reduced in proportion to the square footage of the Leased Premises 
remaining after such taking. 
 
Section 4.  The Award.  All compensation awarded for any taking, whether 
for the whole or a portion of the Leased Premises, shall be the sole 
property of the Landlord whether such compensation shall be awarded for 
diminution in the value of, or loss of, the leasehold or for diminution in 
the value of, or loss of, the fee in the Leased Premises, or otherwise. 
The Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord all of Tenant's right and title to 
and interest in any and all such compensation. However, the Landlord shall 
not be entitled to and Tenant shall have the sole right to make its 
independent claim for and retain any portion of any award made by the 
appropriating authority directly to Tenant for loss of business, or damage 
to or depreciation of, and cost of removal of fixtures, personalty and 
improvements installed in the Leased Premises by, or at the expense of 
Tenant, and to any other award made by the appropriating authority directly 
to Tenant.  
 
Section 5.  Release.  In the event of any termination of this Lease as the 
result of the provisions of this Article XV, the parties, effective as of 
such termination, shall be released, each to the other, from all liability 
and obligations thereafter arising under this lease.  
 
 
 
12 
ARTICLE XVI - DEFAULT 
 
Section 1.  LANDLORD'S Remedies. In the event that:  
 
a.  Tenant shall on three or more occasions be in default in the payment of 
rent or other charges herein required to be paid by Tenant (default herein 
being defined as payment received by Landlord ten or more days subsequent 
to the due date), regardless of whether or not such default has occurred on 
consecutive or non-consecutive months; or  
 
b.  Tenant has caused a lien to be filed against the Landlord's property 
and said lien is not removed within thirty (30) days of recordation 
thereof; or  
 
c.  Tenant shall default in the observance or performance of any of the 
covenants and agreements required to be performed and observed by Tenant 
hereunder for a period of thirty (30) days after notice to Tenant in 
writing of such default (or if such default shall reasonably take more than 
thirty (30) days to cure, Tenant shall not have commenced the same within 
the thirty (30) days and diligently prosecuted the same to completion); or  
 
d.  Sixty (60) days have elapsed after the commencement of any proceeding 
by or against Tenant, whether by the filing of a petition or otherwise, 
seeking any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, 
liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under the present or future 
Federal Bankruptcy Act or any other present or future applicable federal, 
state or other statute or law, whereby such proceeding shall not have been 
dismissed (provided, however, that the non-dismissal of any such proceeding 
shall not be a default hereunder so long as all of Tenant's covenants and 
obligations hereunder are being performed by or on behalf of Tenant); then 
Landlord shall be entitled to its election (unless Tenant shall cure such 
default prior to such election), to exercise concurrently or successively, 
any one or more of the following rights:  
 
I.  Terminate this Lease by giving Tenant notice of termination, in which 
event this Lease shall expire and terminate on the date specified in such 
notice of termination, with the same force and effect as though the date so 
specified were the date herein originally fixed as the termination date of 
the term of this Lease, and all rights of Tenant under this Lease and in 
and to the Premises shall expire and terminate, and Tenant shall remain 
liable for all obligations under this Lease arising up to the date of such 
termination, and Tenant shall surrender the Premises to Landlord on the 
date specified in such notice; or  
 
ii.  Terminate this Lease as provided herein and recover from Tenant all 
damages Landlord may incur by reason of Tenant's default, including, 
 
13 
without limitation, a sum which, at the date of such termination, 
represents the then value of the excess, if any, of (a) the Minimum Rent, 
Percentage Rent, Taxes and all other sums which would have been payable 
hereunder by Tenant for the period commencing with the day following the 
date of such termination and ending with the date herein before set for the 
expiration of the full term hereby granted, over (b) the aggregate 
reasonable rental value of the Premises for the same period, all of which 
excess sum shall be deemed immediately due and payable; or  
 
iii.  Without terminating this Lease, declare immediately due and payable 
all Minimum Rent, Taxes, and other rents and amounts due and coming due 
under this Lease for the entire remaining term hereof, together with all 
other amounts previously due, at once; provided, however, that such payment 
shall not be deemed a penalty or liquidated damages but shall merely 
constitute payment in advance of rent for the remainder of said term. Upon 
making such payment, Tenant shall be entitled to receive from Landlord all 
rents received by Landlord from other assignees, tenants, and subtenants on 
account of said Premises during the term of this Lease, provided that the 
monies to which tenant shall so become entitled shall in no event exceed 
the entire amount actually paid by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to the 
preceding sentence less all costs, expenses and attorney's fees of Landlord 
incurred in connection with the reletting of the Premises; or 
 
iv.  Without terminating this Lease, and with or without notice to Tenant, 
Landlord may in its own name but as agent for Tenant enter into and upon 
and take possession of the Premises or any part thereof, and, at landlord's 
option, remove persons and property therefrom, and such property, if any, 
may be removed and stored in a warehouse or elsewhere at the cost of, and 
for the account of Tenant, all without being deemed guilty of trespass or 
becoming liable for any loss or damage which may be occasioned thereby, and 
Landlord may rent the Premises or any portion thereof as the agent of 
Tenant with or without advertisement, and by private negotiations and for 
any term upon such terms and conditions as Landlord may deem necessary or 
desirable in order to relet the Premises. Landlord shall in no way be 
responsible or liable for any rental concessions or any failure to rent the 
Premises or any part thereof, or for any failure to collect any rent due 
upon such reletting. Upon such reletting, all rentals received by Landlord 
from such reletting shall be applied: first, to the payment of any 
indebtedness (other than any rent due hereunder) from Tenant to Landlord; 
second, to the payment of any costs and expenses of such reletting, 
including, without limitation, brokerage fees and attorney's fees and costs 
of alterations and repairs; third, to the payment of rent and other charges 
then due and unpaid hereunder; and the residue, if any shall be held by 
Landlord to the extent of and for application in payment of future rent as 
the same may become due and payable hereunder. In reletting the Premises as 
aforesaid, Landlord may grant rent concessions and Tenant shall not be 
 
14 
credited therefor. If such rentals received from such reletting shall at 
any time or from time to time be less than sufficient to pay to Landlord 
the entire sums then due from Tenant hereunder, Tenant shall pay any such 
deficiency to Landlord. Such deficiency shall, at Landlord's option, be 
calculated and paid monthly. No such reletting shall be construed as an 
election by Landlord to terminate this Lease unless a written notice of 
such election has been given to Tenant by Landlord. Notwithstanding any 
such reletting without termination, Landlord may at any time thereafter 
elect to terminate this Lease for any such previous default provided same 
has not been cured; or 
 
v.  Without liability to Tenant or any other party and without constituting 
a constructive or actual eviction, suspend or discontinue furnishing or 
rendering to Tenant any property, material, labor, Utilities or other 
service, whether Landlord is obligated to furnish or render the same, so 
long as Tenant is in default under this Lease; or 
 
vi.  Allow the Premises to remain unoccupied and collect rent from Tenant 
as it comes due; or  
 
vii.  Foreclose the security interest described herein, including the 
immediate taking of possession of all property on or in the Premises; or  
 
viii.  Pursue such other remedies as are available at law or equity.  
 
e.  Landlord's pursuit of any remedy of remedies, including without 
limitation, any one or more of the remedies stated herein shall not (1) 
constitute an election of remedies or preclude pursuit of any other remedy 
or remedies provided in this Lease or any other remedy or remedies provided 
by law or in equity, separately or concurrently or in any combination, or 
(2) sever as the basis for any claim of constructive eviction, or allow 
Tenant to withhold any payments under this Lease. 
 
Section 2.  LANDLORD'S Self Help.  If in the performance or observance of 
any agreement or condition in this Lease contained on its part to be 
performed or observed and shall not cure such default within thirty (30) 
days after notice from Landlord specifying the default (or if such default 
shall reasonably take more than thirty (30) days to cure, shall diligently 
prosecuted the same to completion), Landlord may, at its option, without 
waiving any claim for damages for breach of agreement, at any time 
thereafter cure such default for the account of Tenant, and any amount paid 
or contractual liability incurred by Landlord in so doing shall be deemed 
paid or incurred for the account of Tenant and Tenant agrees to reimburse 
Landlord therefor and save Landlord harmless therefrom. Provided, however, 
that Landlord may cure any such default as aforesaid prior to the 
expiration of said waiting period, without notice to Tenant if any 
 
15 
emergency situation exists, or after notice to Tenant, if the curing of 
such default prior to the expiration of said waiting period is reasonably 
necessary to protect the Leased Premises or Landlord's interest therein, or 
to prevent injury or damage to persons or property. If Tenant shall fail to 
reimburse Landlord upon demand for any amount paid for the account of 
Tenant hereunder, said amount shall be added to and become due as a part of 
the next payment of rent due and shall for all purposes be deemed and 
treated as rent hereunder. 
 
Section 3.  TENANT'S Self Help.  If Landlord shall default in the 
performance or observance of any agreement or condition in this Lease 
contained on its part to be performed or observed, and if Landlord shall 
not cure such default within thirty (30) days after notice from Tenant 
specifying the default (or, if such default shall reasonably take more than 
thirty (30) days to cure, and Landlord shall not have commenced the same 
within the thirty (30) days and diligently prosecuted the same to 
completion), Tenant may, at its option, without waiving any claim for 
damages for breach of agreement, at any time thereafter cure such default 
for the account of Landlord and any amount paid or any contractual 
liability incurred by Tenant in so doing shall be deemed paid or incurred 
for the account of Landlord and Landlord shall reimburse Tenant therefor 
and save Tenant harmless therefrom. Provided, however, that Tenant may cure 
any such default as aforesaid prior to the expiration of said waiting 
period, without notice to Landlord if an emergency situation exists, or 
after notice to Landlord , if the curing of such default prior to the 
expiration of said waiting period is reasonably necessary to protect the 
Leased Premises or Tenant's interest therein or to prevent injury or damage 
to persons or property.  If Landlord shall fail to reimburse Tenant upon 
demand for any amount paid or liability incurred for the account of 
Landlord hereunder, said amount or liability may be deducted by Tenant from 
the next or any succeeding payments of rent due hereunder; provided, 
however, that should said amount or the liability therefor be disputed by 
Landlord, Landlord may contest its liability or the amount thereof, through 
arbitration or through a declaratory judgment action and Landlord shall 
bear the cost of the filing fees therefor. 
 
 
ARTICLE XVII - TITLE 
 
Section l.  Subordination.  Tenant shall, upon the request of Landlord in 
writing, subordinate this Lease to the lien of any present or future 
institutional mortgage upon the Leased Premises irrespective of the time of 
execution or the time of recording of any such mortgage. Provided, however, 
that as a condition to such subordination, the holder of any such mortgage 
shall enter first into a written agreement with Tenant in form suitable for 
recording to the effect that: 
 
16 
 
a.  in the event of foreclosure or other action taken under the mortgage by 
the holder thereof, this Lease and the rights of Tenant hereunder shall not 
be disturbed but shall continue in full force and effect so long as Tenant 
shall not be in default hereunder, and  
 
b.  such holder shall permit insurance proceeds and condemnation proceeds 
to be used for any restoration and repair required by the provisions of 
Articles XIII, XIV or XV, respectively.  Tenant agrees that if the 
mortgagee or any person claiming under the mortgagee shall succeed to the 
interest of Landlord in this Lease, Tenant will recognize said mortgagee or 
person as its Landlord under the terms of this Lease, provided that said 
mortgagee or person for the period during which said mortgagee or person 
respectively shall be in possession of the Leased Premises and thereafter 
their respective successors in interest shall assume all of the obligations 
of Landlord hereunder. The word "mortgage", as used herein includes 
mortgages, deeds of trust or other similar instruments, and modifications, 
and extensions thereof. The term "institutional mortgage" as used in this 
Article XVII means a mortgage securing a loan from a bank (commercial or 
savings) or trust company, insurance company or pension trust or any other 
lender institutional in nature and constituting a lien upon the Leased 
Premises.  
 
Section 2.  Quiet Enjoyment.  Landlord covenants and agrees that upon 
Tenant paying the rent and observing and performing all of the terms, 
covenants and conditions on Tenant's part to be observed and performed 
hereunder, that Tenant may peaceably and quietly have, hold, occupy and 
enjoy the Leased Premises in accordance with the terms of this Lease 
without hindrance or molestation from Landlord or any persons lawfully 
claiming through Landlord .  
 
Section 3.  Zoning and Good Title.  Landlord warrants and represents, upon 
which warranty and representation Tenant has relied in the execution of 
this Lease, that Landlord is the owner of the Leased Premises, in fee 
simple absolute, free and clear of all encumbrances, except for the 
easements, covenants and restrictions of record as of the date of this 
Lease. Such exceptions shall not impede or interfere with the quiet use and 
enjoyment of the Leased Premises by Tenant. Landlord further warrants and 
covenants that this Lease is and shall be a first lien on the Leased 
Premises, subject only to any Mortgage to which this Lease is subordinate 
or may become subordinate pursuant to an agreement executed by Tenant, and 
to such encumbrances as shall be caused by the acts or omissions of Tenant; 
that Landlord has full right and lawful authority to execute this Lease for 
the term, in the manner, and upon the conditions and provisions herein 
contained; that there is no legal impediment to the use of the Leased 
Premises as set out herein; that the Leased Premises are not subject to any 
 
17 
easements, restrictions, zoning ordinances or similar governmental 
regulations which prevent their use as set out herein; that the Leased 
Premises presently are zoned for the use contemplated herein and throughout 
the term of this lease may continue to be so used therefor by virtue of 
said zoning, under the doctrine of "non-conforming use", or valid and 
binding decision of appropriate authority, except, however, that said 
representation and warranty by Landlord shall not be applicable in the 
event that Tenant's act or omission shall invalidate the application of 
said zoning, the doctrine of "non-conforming use" or the valid and binding 
decision of the appropriate authority. Landlord shall furnish without 
expense to Tenant, within thirty (30) days after written request therefor 
by Tenant, a title report covering the Leased Premises showing the 
condition of title as of the date of such certificate, provided, however, 
that Landlord's obligation hereunder shall be limited to the furnishing of 
only one such title report.  
 
Section 4.  Licenses.  It shall be the Tenant's responsibility to obtain 
any and all necessary licenses and the Landlord shall bear no 
responsibility therefor; the Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord of the 
fact that it has obtained the necessary licenses in order to prevent any 
delay to Landlord in commencing construction of the Leased Premises.  
 
 
ARTICLE XVIII - EXTENSIONS/WAIVERS/DISPUTES 
 
Section l.  Extension Period.  Any extension hereof shall be subject to the 
provisions of Article III hereof.  
 
Section 2.  Holding Over.  In the event that Tenant or anyone claiming 
under Tenant shall continue occupancy of the Leased Premises after the 
expiration of the term of this Lease or any renewal or extension thereof 
without any agreement in writing between Landlord and Tenant with respect 
thereto, such occupancy shall not be deemed to extend or renew the term of 
the Lease, but such occupancy shall continue as a tenancy at will, from 
month to month, upon the covenants, provisions and conditions herein 
contained. The rental shall be the rental in effect during the term of this 
Lease as extended or renewed, prorated and payable for the period of such 
occupancy.  
 
Section 3.  Waivers.  Failure of either party to complain of any act or 
omission on the part of the other party, no matter how long the same may 
continue, shall not be deemed to be a waiver by said party of any of its 
rights hereunder. No waiver by either party at any time, express or 
implied, of any breach of any provision of this Lease shall be deemed a 
waiver of a breach of any other provision of this Lease or a consent to any 
subsequent breach of the same or any other provision. If any action by 
 
18 
either party shall require the consent or approval of the other party, the 
other party's consent to or approval of such action on any one occasion 
shall not be deemed a consent to or approval of said action on any 
subsequent occasion or a consent to or approval of any other action on the 
same or any subsequent occasion. Any and all rights and remedies which 
either party may have under this Lease or by operation of law, either at 
law or in equity, upon any breach, shall be distinct, separate and 
cumulative and shall not be deemed inconsistent with each other, and no one 
of them, whether exercised by said party or not, shall be deemed to be an 
exclusion of any other; and any two or more or all of such rights and 
remedies may be exercised at the same time.  
 
Section 4.  Disputes.  It is agreed that, if at any time a dispute shall 
arise as to any amount or sum of money to be paid by one party to the other 
under the provisions hereof, the party against whom the obligation to pay 
the money is asserted shall have the right to make payment "under protest" 
and such payment shall not be regarded as a voluntary payment and there 
shall survive the right on the part of the said party to institute suit for 
the recovery of such sum. If it shall be adjudged that there was no legal 
obligation on the part of said party to pay such sum or any part thereof, 
said party shall be entitled to recover such sum or so much thereof as it 
was not legally required to pay under the provisions of this Lease. If at 
any time a dispute shall arise between the parties hereto as to any work to 
be performed by either of them under the provisions hereof, the party 
against whom the obligation to perform the work is asserted may perform 
such work and pay the costs thereof "under protest" and the performance of 
such work shall in no event be regarded as a voluntary performance and 
shall survive the right on the part of the said party to institute suit for 
the recovery of the costs of such work. If it shall be adjudged that there 
was no legal obligation on the part of the said party to perform the same 
or any part thereof, said party shall be entitled to recover the costs of 
such work or the cost of so much thereof as said party was not legally 
required to perform under the provisions of this Lease and the amount so 
paid by Tenant may be withheld or deducted by Tenant from any rents herein 
reserved.  
 
Section 5.  TENANT'S Right to cure LANDLORD'S Default.  In the event that 
Landlord shall fail, refuse or neglect to pay any mortgages, liens or 
encumbrances, the judicial sale of which might affect the interest of 
Tenant hereunder, or shall fail, refuse or neglect to pay any interest due 
or payable on any such mortgage, lien or encumbrance, Tenant may pay said 
mortgages, liens or encumbrances, or interest or perform said conditions 
and charge to Landlord the amount so paid and withhold and deduct from any 
rents herein reserved such amounts so paid, and any excess over and above 
the amounts of said rents shall be paid by Landlord to Tenant.  
 
 
19 
Section 6.  Notices.  All notices and other communications authorized or 
required hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by mailing the 
same by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and any 
such notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been given when 
received by the party to whom such notice or other communication shall be 
addressed. If intended for Landlord the same will be mailed to the address 
herein above set forth or such other address as Landlord may hereafter 
designate by notice to Tenant, and if intended for Tenant, the same shall 
be mailed to Tenant at the address herein above set forth, or such other 
address or addresses as Tenant may hereafter designate by notice to 
Landlord.  
 
 
ARTICLE XIX - PROPERTY DAMAGE  
 
Section l.  Loss and Damage.  Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of 
this Lease, Landlord shall not be responsible for any loss of or damage to 
property of Tenant or of others located on the Leased Premises, except 
where caused by the willful act or omission or negligence of Landlord , or 
Landlord's agents, employees or contractors, provided, however, that if 
Tenant shall notify Landlord in writing of repairs which are the 
responsibility of Landlord under Article VII hereof, and Landlord shall 
fail to commence and diligently prosecute to completion said repairs 
promptly after such notice, and if after the giving of such notice and the 
occurrence of such failure, loss of or damage to Tenant's property shall 
result from the condition as to which Landlord has been notified, Landlord 
shall indemnify and hold harmless Tenant from any loss, cost or expense 
arising therefrom.  
 
Section 2.  Force Majeure.  In the event that Landlord or Tenant shall be 
delayed or hindered in or prevented from the performance of any act other 
than Tenant's obligation to make payments of rent, additional rent, and 
other charges required hereunder, by reason of strikes, lockouts, 
unavailability of materials, failure of power, restrictive governmental 
laws or regulations, riots, insurrections, the act, failure to act, or 
default of the other party, war or other reason beyond its control, then 
performance of such act shall be excused for the period of the delay and 
the period for the performance of such act shall be extended for a period 
equivalent to the period of such delay.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
lack of funds shall not be deemed to be a cause beyond control of either 
party.  
 
 
ARTICLE XX - MISCELLANEOUS

Return a JSON object where each key is a specific clause or term, and each value contains:
- "structured_json": A structured representation of the clause data
- "content": A concise explanation of what the clause means
- "summary_bullet": A single bullet point summarizing the key information
- "source_excerpt": The exact text from the lease that supports this extraction
- "confidence_score": A number from 0.0 to 1.0 indicating your confidence
- "risk_flags": An array of objects with "level" (low/medium/high) and "description"
- "needs_review": Boolean indicating if human review is recommended

Example response format:
{
  "lease_term": {
    "structured_json": {
      "start_date": "01/01/2023",
      "end_date": "12/31/2028",
      "initial_term_months": 60,
      "has_renewal_options": true,
      "renewal_options": [
        {
          "duration_months": 60,
          "notice_period_months": 12
        }
      ]
    },
    "content": "The lease has an initial 5-year term starting January 1, 2023 with one 5-year renewal option.",
    "summary_bullet": "5-year initial term (Jan 2023-Dec 2028) with one 5-year renewal option requiring 12 months' notice",
    "source_excerpt": "The term of this Lease (the 'Term') shall commence on January 1, 2023 (the 'Commencement Date') and end on December 31, 2028, unless sooner terminated as provided herein.",
    "confidence_score": 0.95,
    "risk_flags": [],
    "needs_review": false
  }
}

Be very specific about:
- Exact coverage types required
- Minimum coverage amounts
- Deductible limitations
- Any mutual or one-sided waivers
- Any gaps in coverage requirements
